CloudTrail is Amazon's account logging service that provides auditing,
governance, and compliance visibility into every API call made in the AWS account.
The API call in details are into a log file
and maintained for 90 days without any configuration on the user's part.
CloudTrail captures who or what made the call.
The who or what could be a user,
application or AWS service.
What time it happened,
the user or process that took the action,
and the service or resource that was affected by the action.
CloudTrail Logs keep a running account of
API calls and saves them in a secure and immutable format in a JSON file called an event.
The law can be filtered and searched by metadata like date and time,
user or AWS service,
but it can't be modified.
CloudTrail Logs can be configured to be sent and consumed by CloudWatch.
Publishing CloudTrail Logs to CloudWatch provides
the ability to create alarms based on CloudTrail Log data,
and visualize CloudTrail log data through the CloudWatch dashboards.
CloudTrail Logs can be configured to publish
Cloud Shell data to CloudWatch as soon as they're created.
Once a CloudTrail has been created,
the option for sending the log data to CloudWatch becomes available.
In order to configure CloudTrail to share data with CloudWatch,
you need to create an IAM role for CloudTrail with
a policy that allows it to access CloudWatch.
The roles required to write the stream of log data are create
log stream and put log events in a CloudWatch Log.
We're going to take a look at creating a CloudTrail,
which as we know is a record of all the API calls that take place in this AWS account.
So by default, CloudTrail keeps a record of
all of the events for the last 90 days without you
having to create a specific CloudTrail.
If you'd like to see that,
you can go to event history and explore that data.
If you like click on the arrow and take a look at what data CloudTrail collects.
As you scroll down, you'll see a button called View event,
and that's going to open a window that shows you the CloudTrail data in JSON format.
So let's go to trails and create a trail.
Let's call our trail CloudLab1.
We're going to only collect data in this region and create it and store it here.
We're not going to log KMS events,
but we are going to log all the Read/Wright events,
and we're going to log all the API activity for S3 buckets.
We're going to create a new S3 bucket,
I would like to call my S3 bucket lesliecloudlab23456.
Lets tag it with the environment,
production,and create a CloudTrail There you have it.
A brand new CloudTrail is created in the US East one region,
Northern Virginia. Thanks for joining.